ISS ONLINE 2022 LORE

Chris's letterboard predicts the future
	Unclear if he is setting it up himself or if the letterboard is controlled by some external process
	Messages so far:
		"THE GAME IS AFOOT"
			Nothing appeared to happen linked to this in particular
			But the first strange event was after this
		was there another one here?
		"TIME HATES A GOOF"
			Some argument about chris being "time sick" happened in the lecture
			I missed it what happened
			Also something about an email?
				Linked to the Sark Industries?
		"ME TO A HOG FIESTA"
		"HOG ATE TIME SOFA"
			Comment about "hog" escaping into the west wing, trying to eat "supersonic jump drive SpARK plug"
			Unsure what a time sofa is
		"I AM SAFE TO GO THE"
			Is Chris safe, or the letterboard?
		"ATHEIST FOOTAGE"
			?????

Wormholes are a thing
	Chris's wormhole was "stuttering" day 1
		Due to a solar storm, as confirmed by Cobey
			Systems would be restored in 8 minutes, which is the time it takes for light to get from the sun to earth
			Implies these devices can do FTL travel
		He needed it to "get back"
	Makes people "time sick"?

Multiple members of staff are on some sort of spaceship
	Only seen in one photo I didn't get a screenshot of
		Looked sort of futuristic, I don't know.
	Known parts of the spaceship:
		Jump drive
		West wing
		hog's kennel
		Wormhole? (more than one?)
	Not clear whether all members of staff are involved or just some

There is at least one "spark plug"
	"supersonic jump drive SpARK plug" is apparently "completely different" from a "supersonic jump drive spark plug"
	"wormhole spark plug" has also been mentioned
		Unclear if this is the same object as the supersonic jump drive SpARK plug

Emma and Mahica are in a time loop
	Occasionally say "I forgot to turn it off!" and "What do we do???" in chat, and repeat a few times
	It is not clear exactly what caused this loop
	Presumably it's the thing that Emma forgot to turn off
	Mahica always writes emoji with more than one mouth
		And two eyes at one point
		Is this lore? I have no idea
		Emma did it once

Cobey is important in some way
	Often pinged when staff members have questions or problems that seem to relate to the spaceship
	Sometimes solves these problems
	Can purge messages from chat when strange events happen
		Not clear whether this is a mundane ability or some sort of time manipulation
			Staff members after purges claim to not remember the events involved, and may or may not be genuine in this
		Discussion about these events is also subject to purging

"hog"
	Not clear if hog is a literal hog or some other sort of entity
		Never referred to with articles - Bridie claims "their name is hog"
			This name is apparently a translation from another language
			Always rendered in lowercase
	Bridie also claims that we "haven't met hog yet"
	And the supersonic jump drive SpARK plug is hog's "favourite snack"
		hog was introduced as they attempted to eat this object
		Also in this instance, we find that hog apparently stays in a "kennel"
			May be a literal kennel, implying hog is actually a dog
			Bridie referred to hog as "he" in this case, though this may have been in error
	Claimed to be "cousin to bog" by Taim
		Taim has otherwise not participated in the spaceship thing so this may simply be a joke
	Scientific name for pigs (hogs) is "sus"
		A clue!!!
	Letter from Sark Industries implies that hog is an acronym
		"Subject: The H.O.G"
		"...the HOG has been patched in the western wing, however it continues to cause problems..."
		People acting like the hog is an animal as a sort of endearment thing, perhaps?
		What is the hog actually supposed to do? Nobody knows...
	Second letter:
		"usual containment methods are not working"
		If not contained, Agent Chronos will need to cease all temporal activities
		Bunnix something something the quiz


The future!
	The letter from Sark Industries is dated 12/01/2042
		The staff are in the future!
		What could it mean?
	Copyright date is 2035
		Wow, no update to your letterhead in 7 years?
	The *second* Sark Letter, from a day later, is given the same date
		Time loop real?

Sark Industries
	From Agent Vittore
		Cobey? Nah...
	"World order through universal chaos"
		Sounds scary ngl!!!
	"?EIRTSUDNI KRA?" - no this is nonsense
	Mentions the hog, seems to dissuade people from using the discord
	Agent Hal and Agent Peregrine are reminded to contain the temporal leaks
		Emma and Mahica?
	Sark Industries is the ISS, perhaps?
	Second letter is from Hal, also about the HOG

SUS
	Staff are apparently deleting links and documents used for discussing and compiling the mystery
	Obviously people have begun to retaliate by just posting heaps of links
	This is chaos
		Cobey purged *2040* messages
		oh no

Group-specific clues
	"RRAS"
		Message for red group this morning has R, A, S capitalised, but no letter Ks at all.
		Supports the "SpARK plug" = "SARK" hypothesis?
	"tired"
		Green group staffies talked about being tired from travel...
			Time travel!

Messing with us in the custom status
	Cobey:
		"rebooting..."
		"purging..."
		"systems clear"
		"updating servers..."
		"checking..."
		"uploading data..."
		"target acquired"
		[gap]
		"downloading suspects..."
		"shutting down..."
	Bridie:
		"warp gate active in 3... 2... 1... activated" (wingdings)
		"year 3000 - Jonas brothers" (morse)
		"cant believe yall dont know the jonas brothers... smh" (wingdings)
		"solve the key and save the world.... or dont, i dont mind" 
		[various other encoded messages about nonsense or keys]
		"engines offline, time for a rest"
	Melanie:
		something something ham for lunch
		pasta for dinner
		"A puppet that can no longer be used is mere garbage. This puppet's role has just ended...."
		"Now no time remains... and time is not eternal. Please value your time."
		[various zelda quotes]
	Cobey and mel keep reacting to messages with custom emotes
	Pretty sure none of this is actually lore and it is all nonsense
